[develop] Build conda and environments in SRW. (#938)
ufs-community/ufs-srweather-app: docs/UsersGuide/source/BuildingRunningTesting/BuildSRW.rst

where ``<machine_name>`` is replaced with the name of the platform the user is working on. Valid values include: ``cheyenne`` | ``gaea`` | ``hera`` | ``jet`` | ``linux`` | ``macos`` | ``noaacloud`` | ``orion`` 

> Starting with SRW v2.2.0 will install miniconda and SRW environments as part

Reviewer: Since this update won't be in the SRW v2.2.0 release, should this line read:

```suggestion
Directly following the release of SRW v2.2.0, the App will install miniconda and SRW environments as part
```
